Moved timeseries peek to plot() (#5200)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5200.feature.rst

> Added `plot()` method to all `sunpy.timeseries.sources` and `peek()` now calls plot instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ``plot`` method to all `~sunpy.timeseries.Timeseries` sources and the ``peek`` method calls this instead.
This ensures that ``plot`` and ``peek`` will output figures that look the same.
```
